# Hotel and Spa Reservation CLI

Welcome to the Hotel and Spa Reservation CLI project! This command-line application allows users to effortlessly make reservations for hotel rooms and spa packages.
Getting Started
Prerequisites

    Python 3.x
    Pipenv

Installation

    Clone the repository:

    bash

git clone https://github.com/Hazelnjoki/phase3-project3.0.git
cd phase3-project3.0

Install dependencies and set up the virtual environment:

bash

pipenv install
pipenv shell

Run the CLI application:

bash

    python main.py

Features

    Reservation Management with SQLAlchemy ORM:
        Utilizes SQLAlchemy Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) to seamlessly manage reservation data.
        Stores comprehensive reservation details, including guest information, check-in and check-out dates, room type, and spa package, in a relational database.

    Command-line Interface (CLI) for User Interaction:
        Offers an intuitive and user-friendly command-line interface.
        Guides users through the reservation process with clear prompts and instructions.

    Room Types and Spa Packages:
        Provides a diverse range of room types (e.g., standard, deluxe, suite) to accommodate different guest preferences.
        Offers a selection of spa packages with various treatments and durations.

    Reservation Validation:
        Implements robust validation checks to ensure the accuracy and validity of user inputs.
        Verifies the availability of selected options for the specified check-in and check-out dates.

    Reservation Confirmation and Summary:
        Presents users with a comprehensive summary of their reservation details upon successful completion.
        Enables users to review and confirm their choices before finalizing the reservation.

Usage

    Launching the Application:
        Execute python main.py in the terminal to start the CLI application.

    Making a Reservation:
        Follow the prompts to input check-in and check-out dates, select a room type, and choose a spa package (if desired).

    Validation and Confirmation:
        The application validates user inputs and ensures the availability of selected options.
        After a successful reservation, a confirmation summary is displayed for user review.

Contributing

If you would like to contribute to the project, please follow the Contributing Guidelines.
License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
Acknowledgments

Special thanks to Hazelnjoki for initiating and working on this project.